hey everyone so today I'm starting a new
series and this is the style steel
series which is kind of hard to say but
basically it's kind of a look for less
video stealing the style of a celebrity
but incorporating their own pieces of
your wardrobe in your wardrobe and
making it look like a celebrity so I
thought it was really fun and kind of a
new thing for me to do today I'm going
to be doing Kim Kardashian and I was
really inspired by her oh and I'll also
link it in the description about her
outfit was so cute and I actually wanted
to do this look because I actually have
the exact same jeans that she wore in
that photo and I thought that was really
cool that she had the same jeans but you
can get the same kind of jeans for a lot
less I still kind of splurged on these
jeans but I wear them all the time and I
just got them and absolutely loved them
so I will give you alternatives in the
video if you want to work inexpensive
version and yeah I just thought her
outfit was so cute and I hope you guys
enjoy this and let's get started okay so
to start things off Kim just had a
regular white tee and the one that I am
wearing is from H&M it's very
inexpensive and it's very long so you
can pull it down quite a long ways or
you can also scrunch it up so I'm
scrunching it up just a little bit so
it's not like super duper long um but it
is a little scrunchy for my taste so if
you just have a regular - you know I'm
from Target anywhere it doesn't even
have to be long-sleeve but mine's days
and I rolled it up kind of like a
quarter sleeve because some of these
tops are a little bit shorter so Kim has
kind of a long one and then she wore
these like a tree branch in my face so
onto the pants came more some pretty
blue J Brand skinny jeans and these are
actually the ones that I'm wearing are
the exact same ones that she wore so
these are what they look like they're
skinny jean really really comfortable
and you can get them at boutiques and
you can probably find them online if I
do I will link them in the description
box below but they are they retail for
about 176 but if you guys want a cheaper
more expensive but still pant that is
still achieving the same look as an
alternative you can go to Windsor store
comm and they have pretty much the exact
same pair but much cheaper so I will
link that also in the description box
below so you guys can get a more
inexpensive alternative but still
achieving the same look
okay so this first top is from Urban
Outfitters and as you guys can see it
has this really pretty big pockets right
here and it's just loose there's no
buttons or anything so it's just meant
to be weren't open so it's the materials
kind of businesses so I think you could
get away with work wearing this at work
and depending on you know where you work
but I think it's pretty work time
appropriate but you can also wear this I
think just school if you wanted to um so
I think it's really really pretty and in
the photo Kim also had a black scarf on
so I'm going to go ahead and do that so
if it's getting chillier out probably
not right now but once it gets chillier
out you may want to wear a scarf like
this I'm not exactly sure where this is
from but I will try to find that and
link in description box below it says
death Deena and Aziz so it might be from
urban outfitters as well but she wore it
like this tying it around the neck and
then pulling these strands she weren't
kind of close up to her neck but I like
to have a little wiggle room so it's not
like suffocating me or anything
and that is what she wore and then she
also had a black long quilted purse and
I'm pretty sure to smell that I'm not
absolutely positive so a much cheaper
alternative it's just to go with your go
to black bag does not have to be similar
this one has chains kind of like hers
did so that's why I grabbed this one
this one in particular is from BCBG but
again what's much cheaper than a Chanel
bag and you can just wear it like this
or have it hanging off like this and you
have pretty much the exact same look
except for Kim's had the white tank top
was lower than the black so I will show
you guys other alternatives if you want
to be a little bit more exactly like Kim
so that is the first look
okay so this next outfit is more work
time appropriate but also it could be
school time as well if you are someone
who likes to incorporate lasers into
your daily wardrobe so this one is just
using a regular laser that I got from
Target so very very inexpensive
alternative to Kim's look and this one
is more like hers because of a little
butterfly so by umm because the white
tank top hits lower than the black one
does and I really really like this one
because it kind of adds a feminine shape
and it kind of makes the illusion that
you have a little bit more curves and we
all know that Kim has a lot of curve and
you can also if you want to make it more
work time appropriate you can button
this to your desire but I just like to
have it open like this and again pull it
off with the bag and you can also add
the black scarf if it is a little bit
more chilly out but I think it looks
nice just have a blazer without the
scarf so that is another work time /
school time appropriate look and the
last one I'm going to show you guys is a
more nighttime look inspired by Kim
okay so this last outfit is the most
inspired by cam I believe because it has
the kind of leather s jacket this is not
leather doesn't even it's not even fold
leather but I think it looks more like
moto like kind of rebellious like her
outfit did so you can wear a leather
jacket if you want to but this is a much
cheaper alternative this is by the brand
urban vibe I'm not really positive where
it's from but I don't I feel like it was
just like ten dollars so it has kind of
cups right here and then this kind of I
don't know what material this is but a
shinier material and it hits the most
it's the shortest one where it hits so
again it still has that length from the
white tea that Kam's had and again
pulling it off with the bag I feel like
this is just the most make time
appropriate look and I think this one is
great because you can wear either the
Blazer or the other top that I showed
you previously on during the day at
night you can still achieve the same
look with just a more shorter jacket so
gonna switch out the jackets and still
achieve the same look that you're going
for earlier so again pull it off with
the bag if you desire and a scarf if
it's a little chillier outside and also
as for shoes Kim wore some tall kind of
heeled boots Christian Louboutins with
you red underneath so pretty but so
expensive so I just suggest wearing some
short bootie some black booties whether
that be heel or no heel or you can wear
even some black sandals or flats I think
will be so pretty just any kind of black
shoe would be perfect because she wore
black if you want to achieve the same
welcome she also wore kind of a knight
navy blue or black nail polish on her
nails
alright so thank you guys so much for
watching my first video in the style
steel series that was really hard to say
um if you guys want any more celebrity
inspired look for less kind of videos
please post your request if you guys
liked just one outfit or if you guys
want me to do a few different outfits
inspired by that celebrity or anything
like that I just think they're really
fun to do and just kind of fun to
incorporate your own wardrobe and make
it
like a slipper do you hope you guys
enjoy this and I'll tell next time I'll
talk to you guys later bye